On all computer systems memory is a scarce resource. No matter how much memory is available,
it never seems to be enough.
Linux applications, except for a few specialized embedded applications, are
never permitted to access physical memory directly. It might appear so to the application, but
what the application is seeing is a carefully controlled illusion.
Linux provides applications with a clean view of a huge directly addressable memory space.
Additionally, it provides protection so that different applications are protected from each other.
You allocate memory using the malloc call in the standard C library. The malloc function is guaranteed to return memory 
that is aligned so that it can be cast to a pointer of any type.

The memory1 program should only display Hello World and nothing else,

The memory2 program asks to allocate somewhat more memory than is physically present 
in the machine, so you might expect malloc to start failing somewhere a little short 
of the actual amount of memory present, because the kernel and all the other running 
processes are using some memory.

The memory3 program has allocated, and accessed, more memory than what we have physically in our
machine at the time of writing.

In the memory4 program allocate some memory and then attempt to write past the end.
The Linux memory management system has protected the rest of the system from this abuse of
memory. To ensure that one badly behaved program (this one) can’t damage any other programs, Linux has terminated it.

The Linux memory management system is quite capable of reliably ensuring that memory is 
returned to the system when a program ends. Programs that use memory on a dynamic basis 
should always release unused memory back to the malloc memory manager using the free call. 
This enables separate blocks to be remerged and enables the malloc library to look after memory, 
rather than have the application manage it.

Calloc allocates memory that can be freed with free, it has somewhat different parameters from malloc: It allocates 
memory for an array of structures and requires the number of elements and the size of each element as its parameters. 

